include include/asm-generic/Kbuild.asm

header-y += addrspace.h
header-y += asm.h
header-y += atomic.h
header-y += barrier.h
header-y += bitops.h
header-y += break.h
header-y += bug.h
header-y += cache.h
header-y += cachectl.h
header-y += cacheops.h
header-y += cmpxchg.h
header-y += cpu.h
header-y += cpu-features.h
header-y += cpu-info.h
header-y += div64.h
header-y += hazards.h
header-y += irqflags.h
header-y += jump_label.h
header-y += linkage.h
header-y += mipsregs.h
header-y += prefetch.h
header-y += processor.h
header-y += sgidefs.h
header-y += spinlock.h
header-y += spinlock_types.h
header-y += sysmips.h
header-y += thread_info.h
header-y += war.h
header-y += wbflush.h
